The Joe Rogan experience. Here's the numbers, right?
The hospitalizations intensive care unit admission case by case fatality
percentages reported for COVID 19 by 18, uh, uh, COVID 19 by age group.
So this is up until March 16th, which is a couple days ago.
So zero to 19 there's, uh, hundred 23 cases.
1.6 to 2.5 were hospitalized zero ICU,
zero fatality.
So then you get 20 to 44 that's you 705 cases,
14.3 to 20.8 hospitalizations,
two to four ICU and 0.1 to
0.2 case fatality. Now you gotta think those people are preexisting conditions.
Just looking at those numbers. 45 to 54, uh, that's my age group,
429 cases, less for some weird reason,
21 to 28 hospitalization, 5.4 to 10.
It for ICU 1.4 to 2.6 fatality.
Again,
you gotta think those people have preexisting conditions and it gets all the way
up to really old. Let's go to 85 plus that's call's age that's call's age. Yeah,
144 hospital, 144 cases,
31 out of 144 to 70, uh, hospitalization.
So 31.3 to 70.3, hospitalization,
six to 29 ICU fatalities,
10 to 27. So the vast majority of, of fatalities,
you looking at people between 75 and 84,
which is 4.3 to 10.5 and then 85 plus,
which is 10.4 to 27.3. So it's, it's really,
obviously not good for really old people.
It looks like you got a 25% fatality rate at the,
the worst case scenario for hospitalized people that have the case.
But again, for young healthy people,
it's not what it's being. It's not,
it's not the big monster that everybody thinks it is. I mean,
there's people running around terrified that are young and healthy.
Well then there's the real concern is older folks. Well,
there's other the spectrum too.
There's the young people running around terrified and healthy.
And then there's the people who are mobbing beaches in Florida on spring break
saying our future leaders. it. Uh, did you see that video?
I'll probably be gone by the time they're the future leaders, but yeah, <laugh>,
it's hilarious, but, and you have to assume though,
that those numbers are completely inaccurate.
I would imagine the number because of the lack of testing,
but there's percentages are probably still the same. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
you know, I think there's probably just bigger numbers. Yeah. It's uh, well,
kids are just gonna be kids, man. You get 18 year olds on the beach in Florida.
They're there to. They, they're not worried about catching the,
the COVID 19. They don't even know what the that is.
Their brains aren't even formed yet. Yeah.
As my nine year old says they have mushy brains.
I was trying to explain to the nine year old what, uh, the,
the development of the frontal lobe is. And I'm like, you know,
cause we were just talking about, I, I, I talk to my kids like they're kids,
but I also talk to 'em like they're adults. I do the same in that. I,
I lay things out and then I explain, so I lay things out.
Like I lay to an adult and then I,
your frontal lobe is a part of your brain that makes the decisions.
And it's not fully developed until you're 25 years old.
And so you see the little nine year old brain spinning and I go, it's not,
not really ready yet. She she's like, so it's like squishy brain.
I go exactly squishy brain nine year old vernacular. I like it.
So this is how she explained it to my wife.
And then her and I had this little conversation about squishy brain.
And I I'm like this. This is what the frontal little bit is. This is like,
when you see people that are young, that are doing stupid things,
it's not even necessarily that they're stupid. It's just,
they they're just acting. They just they're wild. You know, they're,
they're free. Their parents probably tell 'em what to do too much.
The school tells 'em what to do too much.
Their job tells 'em what to do too much.
And then they're out and they have a couple Miller highlights. They know,
and they're like, the COVID.
I don't give a by the way. Have you seen the coronavirus song yet? I,
you posted it. I saw it. You, you need to see it. I watch again.
Can you see it again? Jamie? Let let's we can't play it. No, no, no,
not that that's poppy guys taken down really think so. Definitely.
You need to respect other people's those intellectual properties, how it works.
Wouldn't help them. It's not how it works, but I mean,
is that on Spotify or even do they have a label? They definitely could.
I think they're comics. They could go on and take the video down. I don't know.
We're trying to help you guys. Sorry, go to my Instagram.
I was just gonna say that's probably, that's where I saw it. Yeah.
I might have watched it fiber. Yeah. 10 times if you want me to, but no,
that's okay. I don't you're right. I'm being an idiot, but the gentleman who,
uh, who made it, these guys, I, one,
one of 'em reached out to me and I up it's Reggie bay,
B B E E two. And then there's a Reggie bay,
B E E two underscore. That's a fake account. Those cus. And uh,
so I accidentally tagged the fake account at first. I was gonna say,
that's how mistakes happen, but now I got the real, well,
it's just some hoaxer who's pretended to be him. Yeah. Which one's fake.
The fake one is the one that has the underscore after the two. Oh, okay. Okay.
That was pieces of. How's your, uh, that's the real dude. Reggie bay be,
I mean, how's your wife think about what's going on? Um,
she's not concerned about us. She's concerned about her mom, you know,
which we should be. And I'm concerned about my parents as well. Yeah. Uh,
you know, and uh, more concerned that people are freaking out and that,
you know,
there's a lot of people around us that have never been tested and they're not
good under stress. And this is a,
this is a very unusual stress because there's no clear or answer not from the
president, not from the, the doctors. It's not,
no one has a real clear answer of how to fix this when it's gonna be fixed.
Yeah.
And when you hear things about like a vaccine will be available in 18 months,
you're like, what? Well, and if you continue reading that says,
if it is available in 18 months, that would be three times faster than normal.
Wow. Yeah.
So that would be on the very front leading edge of what would be possible to get
into people's hands. Normal would be three X that and Oscar home,
the guy who was on the podcast that really sparked a lot of people to take this
very seriously. It in podcasts, by the way. Yeah, he's amazing.
And he said that they could have had a coronavirus vaccine that once SARS
happened SARS, which is also a coronavirus,
they could have worked on developing a coronavirus vaccine then,
and that we are far too flippant, uh, about how we approach these things.
And if it's not there right in our face,
they don't allocate resources is towards those kind of things.
I think our society is kind of defined by its excess and luxury. Yeah.
And when you live in that environment and I'm not saying it negatively at all,
but if you live in that environment, if you never leave that environment,
if you don't bend yourself before the world bends you a little bit,
gonna come off the rails when you get pressed. Yeah.
And that's where the B behavior of people scares me far more than the actual
virus itself. I, I mean, I have no control, uh,
over if I get the virus in how that plays itself out for me,
I cannot control that,
but I can control my behavior and how I act and try to exude calm,
like when it comes to my kids or my family, my friends and my social circle.
But yeah, I wish, uh,
I w I hope that people on the other side of this,
because it's not gonna be the end of the world, but I hope on the other side,
it gives them an,
a greater understanding and appreciation and perspective of what we have,
how lucky we are. And then just maybe to think about, you know, the people,
what's the obesity rate in the us right now, like 40, 40%. Yeah.
How about we work on that? Just to touch,
can considering that's one of the highest risk factors, right.
Instead of allowing that excess and, uh, you know,
luxury to define you. Yeah. How about, that's something you can control, right.
At all times. Yeah.
You can't control whether or not you have a disease or whether or not you're
old. Yeah. But you certainly can control whether or not you're fat.
The problem is people in, I experience spend a lot of time,
energy and effort focusing on things that they cannot control.
And that is definitely one thing that I learned from my old job is that at some
point you have to surrender the emotional and mental horsepower on the things
that you can't control and only focus on the things that you can,
which is specifically yourself.
Like I like you can't control what happens to you,
but you can control how you receive what happens to you and being scared,
allowing that to make the decision making process for you is what gets people in
substantial trouble. Like, I'll give you an example for my own job.
Getting shot at is not awesome. It's actually, it can be quite terrifying.
And the number one rule of a firefight,
if you get into a gun fight to win,
but the first thing you need to do is you need to shoot back with overwhelming
fire superiority, and then you have to maneuver, right?
So you have to pin your enemy in place, and then you have to maneuver,
but let's say they, you get ambushed and you're on the receiving end of that.
And so you take a knee behind a wall and bullets are snapping over your head and
you don't wanna move because you're scared and you think I'm gonna die.
So you have fear of death, which is totally real, and it can paralyze people.
And instead of moving, you sit there and other people maneuver around you,
that fear of death preventing you from doing the things that you had control
over, shooting back, maneuvering, coordinating with your team,
that fear paralyzes you and external circumstances,
or the enemy that you're fighting will maneuver around you.
And then they're gonna end up killing you.
But the reason you didn't move is you allowed that emotion to take over your
decision making process. You have to detach the two Joah talks about it a lot,
and it's just reinforced constantly. And in training and in, uh,
operations overseas. And that'd be that's cuz people ask me like,
what should I do?
And my biggest thing is just try to remain as objective as possible.
You see people freaking out that doesn't mean that you need to freak out. And,
uh, you know, another way I've had it described to me that made a,
a big influence on me and the way I think about things,
if you think about two circles, like an archery target,
but there's only two circles, there's a, the bowl, the 10 ring,
which is super small. And then God duly, where are you when I need you?
What's the big ring on the outside? Yeah, like a five, uh,
I guess it goes 10, 9, 8 out, whatever the lowest scoring ring is,
that would be the other one.
So you got two circles and the big circle is your circle of concern.
And the small circle is your circle of influence. I see.
And the dangerous thing that I see often is people spending all their time with
their energy and effort on the circle of concern what's going on in the
stock market. What's going on on Fox news. What's going on on CNN,
sharing back and forth things on Facebook that are probably half of 'em aren't
even true. Anyway, no research put into it. Um,
is there gonna be enough toilet paper? What do I do about this?
And they don't have control over any of those things,
but that's the stuff that they're worried about. Yeah.
And the only thing that you should spend your time,
energy and effort working on are the things directly inside of your circle of
influence. And even inside of that one, there could be the circle of control.
And what do you have control over at all times?
The things that come outta your mouth, how you,
whether or not you allow your emotions to override your decision making process,
uh, the way that you communicate,
whether or not you decide to work out as opposed to shoving 4,000 excess
calories in your face every single day,
if you focus on those things and put your time, energy and effort in there,
you're gonna get through stressful situations, just fine,
because you actually have more mental capacity because you're
trimming off of the things that you can't control. Mm.
The thing about things that you can't control, those, some people are they're,
they're thinking that this is one of those things that if you were a paranoid
person and you prepped and worried about the future,
you would've already stockpiled enough food and toilet paid and ammo and all
these different things so that you were ready for this.
Whereas people that were just concentrating on day to day life didn't act,
didn't think it's probably got caught probably a balance between, I mean, I,
is it reasonable for everybody to have five years of food at their house?